docs: clarify CHANGELOG editing workflow and post-publish branch cleanup (#521)
camaraproject/ReleaseManagement: documentation/release-process/lifecycle.md

### 4. Review and Approve

> **What you do:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**What you do:**

1. Review the Release PR, commit changes on the release-review branch as needed, and tick the CODEOWNER action boxes in the Release PR accordingly.
2. CHANGELOG review details: on the release-review branch, edit and complete the `CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-rX.md` file as follows:
   - Copy relevant commits from the temporary section to the Added/Changed/Fixed/Removed sections.
   - Commit the  `CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-rX.md` changes directly to the release-review branch
   - - Do **not** create a separate PR to `main` for the CHANGELOG — the post-release sync PR (created automatically after publish) will bring it back to `main`
```

> **What you do:**

Reviewer: Sorry still don't know how to do a multi line change. Replace the old bullet 1 and its sub-bullets by this change

Reviewer 2: From https://github.blog/changelog/2020-04-15-multi-line-code-suggestions-general-availability/

> With multi-line suggestions you can suggest a specific change to multiple lines of code when reviewing a pull request. To select a multi-line code block, either:

> - click and hold to the right of a line number, drag and then release the mouse when you’ve reached the last line of the desired selection; or
> - click on a line number, hold Shift, click on a second line number and click the "+" button to the right of the second line number.

- Post-release sync PR created (merge it to update `main`)
- Release Issue closed

**After merging the post-release sync PR:**

Three branches remain after a successful publish. Here is what to do with each:

| Branch | Purpose | Action |
|--------|---------|--------|

> | `release-review/rX.Y-<id>-published` | The completed release-review branch, renamed on publish | Delete |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `release-review/rX.Y-<id>-published` | The completed release-review branch, renamed to indicated publication | Delete |
```

Reviewer 2: My proposal is to drop this line in favor of merging https://github.com/camaraproject/tooling/pull/270. There is not value in defining new manual codeowners task if the automation can take them.

```suggestion
```
